components

there are various omponents in a bootstrap
1.navbar : provides navigation bar code
           if we want to disable some element,we can disables it also

           we can get a code for disable from getbootstrap.com

           the full website is made using bootstrap components

2.breadcrumb
3.colors info : bootstrap shows which color is for what
        blue .text-primary i.e anything-primary
        red  .text-danger      anything-danger
        green .text-success    anything-success
        orange .text-warning   anything-warning

4. alert : this cannot be dismissed
5. dismissable alerts : can be dismissed
                        just put it below navigation bar.

6. badges : if we want to apply badges in our html
    1.pill badges
    2.badges with links...

7. buttons
    1. outline buttons : on hovering ,this buttons change there colors
    2. large buttons
    3. small buttons
    4. disabled state buttons
    5. block buttons 
    6. button groups

8. cards : therr are so many types of cards are there
9. Carousel : using this,we can create slide show of images
10. .container class - it sets a maximum width,and wrap our content inside a box
    .container-fluid - it set's the width to 100%


Bootstrap Grid System :-

                    In case of bootstrap grid system,
                    inside 1 row there ae 12 columns
                    col-1 to col-12

                    col-2 : 2 columns
                    col-6 : 6 columns 
                    col-12 : 12 columns

Bootstrap is a mobile friendly framework,which can provide ,
responsiveness over diff mobile devices , using it's classes

col-sm-no of columns : for small columns
col-md-no of columns : for medium columns
col-no of columns : for extra small columns
.col-lg-no of columns	:for large columns

.col-xl-no of columns : for extra large columns	
.col-xxl-no of columns

11. Modal
12. form components
13. jumbotron 
14. spinners and so many
 

margin on y axis is given as 'my-4' i.e margin on y axis is 4

left-margin : ml-4
right-margine : mr-4
x axis : mx-4

Modal : we want that when we click on login or signup ,modal will open



